Once the Kubernetes cluster has been created and you're familiar
with the tools and concepts that we'll be using,
it's time to install those tools and get started
creating your SQL Server deployment.
If you're using AKS and have installed the Azure CLI,
installing kubectl is a simple one‑step command.
You can see it here, az aks install‑cli.
In addition,
while I don't use it is part of this example, Azure has a
command shell where kubectl is pre‑installed.
It also can be installed in a lot of other kinds of platforms.
For more information about installing kubectl on different platforms,
you can Google install and setup kubectl,
and that will show you the instructions for all the different
platforms where kubectl can be implemented.
After you've installed kubectl,
you're ready to connect kubectl to the Kubernetes cluster.
To do that,
you need to first retrieve the login credentials for the
cluster using the az aks get‑credentials command like you see
here, where you supply the command,
the resource‑group name, and the cluster name.
After retrieving the cluster credentials,
kubectl can now connect to the cluster and manage it.
Here you can see an example of how kubectl can list the different nodes in the cluster.